
"Are you sure Mistress Anaisha," said Kiulven as he walked next to his Patron, down the dark hallways, "that I should not just go and kill him?"
Lady Anaisha, clothed in flowing silken robes, in the colors of the clear sky and apple blossoms, strode next to him, her eyes peering straight ahead into the darkness and answered, 
"You need to know who you are opposing. I made this mistake too many times now, keeping you in the dark, in his domain, and it has not gone well."
Her usually calm and sweet voice sounded troubled but confident.
"I know who it is, I am facing, you told us countless times. My whole life has been dedicated to this cause."
"I *told* you yes, but you can never have the experience of meeting him from a story. Make yourself presentable, Kiulven. I do not want him to think you are a sloth."
Kiulven looked down on his light blue uniform, straightened his jacket and closed the top buttons. He let his fingers run through his long brown hair and tightened the hair tie on the back.
Anaisha walked up to the big dark oak door they came to and opened it. They walked into the empty sitting room and waited an uncomfortably long time, standing in silence between the constricting walls made from blackstone.
A door on the other side of the room screeched, and a person came in. It seemed like they levitated on black smoke which came from the flowing plain black robe they were wearing. Their long black hair blended into the robe and the almost glowing white eyes pierced through Kiulven like a ray of pure magic even though he was never looked at by them.
They spoke, the deep voice reverberating in the room and vibrating Kiulvens bones.
"Anaisha. To what do I owe the honor of your visit?"
"You are late, Serenatius, I had arranged a meeting time."
"Did you? Well, I am quite busy with preparations."
"I want you to cease your influence on Asodias."
"Asodias?" Serenatius said, while sitting down and lounging in one of the two opposing high backed chairs.
"Oh, is that one of your toys? Did I accidentally step on it?" They made a thinking gesture. "Is it that one?" he pointed at Kiulven without taking his gaze off of Anaisha.
"You know very well who I mean. He was to be my Head Hunter. I sent him to save one of your victims, but you corrupted him. And they are not toys, the Hunters are disciples on my court that I very much value."
Kiulven stood a little bit more proud at that last comment.
Serenatius' face lit up. "Aah... Now I remember. He invaded that young girls dreams after I showed her my good will. Pity that he fell so quickly, even after you put so much time and effort into his training, not that I am complaining of course. But I can assure you, I had nothing to do with that."
"Do not lie to me!"
"What reason would I have to lie? It is wholly your fault for interfering with my business and sending the young lad on such a dangerous mission. I am sure you tutored him on the risks of such an undertaking."
"Lying is what you do. I doubt you have a single honest bone in your body. You deceive and torture until you get what you want."
Serenatius raised an eyebrow and sat up more straight. "You have it all wrong. I am merely presenting everyone their deepest feelings, their truest form, from which they cannot escape. Do you deny that this is truth? That not everyone has these feelings? Rage, fear, terror? That you do not even feel a small amount of that right now?" It seemed their voice boomed even more, filling up the whole space.
After a short moment of intense silence, Lady Anaisha sat down and gestured toward her companion. 
"This here is Kiulven. He is the new Head Hunter after you took my old one. I will send him to end your plot with Asodias by whatever means necessary. He will not be overcome by Asodias' powers like the others, I have made sure of that." Lady Anaisha and Serenatius held a stare for a short moment, after which the already dim room darkened even further, and a black gooey ball came out of Serenatius' stomach. It hung in the air for a second, dripping a black fluid, and then exploded into multiple nightmarish creatures, jumping at Lady Anaisha.
Kiulven did not hesitate. He summoned his Pact Sword and sliced through the creatures as if they were butter. Their bony limbs and disfigured animal faces flew through the room, spraying dark liquid everywhere, which quickly evaporated into a shroud. This onslaught continued for a minute at least, dozens of creatures attacking Kiulven and his Mistress from multiple directions, him muttering short incantations and cleaving through black oozing flesh while the two Patrons sat still in their chairs, holding each others gaze. The creatures got a few claw strikes and multiple bites in,  injecting him with their caustic blood, but he held on and did not slow until he struck the black ball often and hard enough until finally, no more enemies came and it burst like a gas bubble in a swamp.
When it was done, Kiulven stepped in front of Lady Anaisha, panting, and leered at their adversary. Serenatius spoke first. "It seems that your toy..." They hesitated and looked at Kiulven for the shortest moment, and it stoked the emotions in his heart so enormously that he could not breathe anymore. He felt fear, rage, hate, terror, sadness, apathy, guilt and much more, all at the same time. All of these feelings changed something inside him. His outlook of the world shifted and he felt revolted at the hint of ecstasy and power he started to derive from giving in to these emotions. As he tried to resist, his vision went blank and his whole body began shaking violently. He lost control of his muscles and fell to his knees, his blade evaporating into mist. He wanted to scream, but there was no air in his lungs. Had he been looked at more than that miniscule amount of time, he felt he would have died instantly, no, worse, he would be haunted for eternity, forever aware of the feeling, but unable to die, to recover, to move on, to let his soul be at rest, at peace. But there was an allure in his newfound deep understanding of his psyche. One he felt he would never be able to shake off again and he did not know if he wanted to. Though in the end, his training took over and he pushed the temptation back as much as he could while lying on the cold hard floor.
"Excuse me. Your Hunter... is capable, at least, he might be able to do it. Well, no matter. Soon both the girl and your Asodias will be mine anyway, and I did not even have to do anything." Serenatius stood up and motioned to leave.
"What do you mean?" asked Lady Anaisha, quickly getting up as well and stepping towards him.
Serenatius stopped and turned around. "You do not know? I thought you had followed his movements. He and the girl will meet up soon. And then he will take his reward and bring her here. Even if both of them are weak of mind and will, like all your toys, "His arm swayed to Kiulven who was still lying on the floor, struggling to breathe and drawing his knees to his chest. "they will be a good asset."
"You should just give up on their training, it amounts to nothing. Everyone should accept their true feelings, instead of burying them under vain notions such as 'the goodness of their hearts' and 'the morally right thing'. In the end, they would be much happier for it. You will see, that that is what they will choose. Not butterflies and rainbows, but an *actual* path to achieving their goals while not giving up who they are."
Lady Anaisha fumed at Serenatius' accusations. "You are wrong! People are not inherently evil or frightened or whatever you would have them believe. There is an overwhelming amount of goodness and care in each one, even in you, if you would take the time to search for it. I bet given the choice, they would walk away from your empty promises, and choose to live their lives earnestly, look out for each other and not give in to their negative emotions, even if they have them. They will reject you when given a fair chance. This I vow!"
Serenatius perked up and smiled at the last sentence. "Then let us give them the chance. No interference from either of us. You think Miruna and Asodias will choose to walk towards a unclear mystical light at the exit of an endless tunnel, while I am sure they will embrace their true selves, realize their potential and make their desire reality. Your vow against mine." The dark creature lingered for a short moment with a smile, then turned around and left through the door they came in.
Lady Anaisha sunk into herself, realizing what she had just done. She turned around and touched Kiulven on the forehead, snapping him out of his stupor. When he was up, he asked her, still disturbed and exhausted, what had happened. She answered, "I should have just sent you, without coming here. I might have just doomed two of my people."